Docs maintenance - v2.41.4 (#11484)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/en/customize_dojo/dashboard_notifications/about_custom_dashboard_tiles.md

### SLA Violation Tile

This Tile counts Findings which are at risk of violating SLA. It can be set to track all Products, or specific Products chosen from a list.

#### Example: Findings Approaching SLA Violation

If you want to create a filter for Findings which are within 7 days of SLA expiration, you can set up your filter parameters to track this. When setting the Filter parameters for the SLA Violation tile, set **‘Days Before Expiration’** to **7**. Select either All Products, or a list of specific Products.

Set the Header to describe the filter you’re applying, for example ‘SLA Violation \- 3 Days Or Less’.

![image](images/About_Custom_Dashboard_Tiles_9.png)

Clicking on the footer will bring you to a list of these Findings for you to address. This tile only tracks Active Findings, but will also track Findings with an expired SLA.

#### SLA Violation Tile Filters
* **Days Before Expiration**: select an option from the menu
* **Include All Products**: Yes/No
* **Included Products**: select one or more Products from the menu

### Scan Time Violation Tile

This Tile is used to track specific Products to ensure that new scan data is being added on a regular basis. 

> ere are particular Products which you’re scanning on a regular interval, you can use this tile to ensure your tools and imports are running as expected. 

Reviewer: Looks like this got cut off, I'm just guessing here:

```suggestion
If there are particular Products which you’re scanning on a regular interval, you can use this tile to ensure your tools and imports are running as expected. 
```

#### Example: Automation Tracking

If you have scanning tools set to run on a weekly basis, you can use this tile to make sure those automated processes are working correctly.

* From the Tile filters, select the target Products where the scan data will be imported via automation. Set the Days Since Last Scan field to ‘Past Week’.
* Set a descriptive name in the Header which communicates the interval you’re testing.

![image](images/About_Custom_Dashboard_Tiles_10.png)

If you have multiple scanning intervals that you want to monitor, you can set up multiple tiles to track each one.

#### Scan Time Violation Tile Filters
* **Days Since Last Scan**: select an option from the menu
* **Include All Products**: Yes/No
* **Included Products**: select one or more Products from the menu

### Product Grade Tile

This Tile compares the Product Grade of all Products on your instance, so that you can track any Products which do not meet your grading standard.

This tile uses a comparison operator (\<, \=, \<\=, \>\=) to track Products which equal, exceed or fail to meet the Product Grade which you want to monitor.

![image](images/About_Custom_Dashboard_Tiles_11.png)

> For more information on how Product Grades are calculated, see our article on [Product Health Grading](https://docs.defectdojo.com/en/working_with_findings/organizing_engagements_tests/product-health-grade/).

Reviewer: Assuming we want to make all links relative paths based on other files?

```suggestion
For more information on how Product Grades are calculated, see our article on [Product Health Grading](/en/working_with_findings/organizing_engagements_tests/product-health-grade/).
```
